mr.zhou vernacular gorgeous beautiful or
very attractive the source of the word
gorgeous can be found in the Latin word
Gerges used by the Romans to describe a
whirling swirling whirlpool thanks to
the aquatic phenomenon cylindrical shape
and gurgling form Gerges also came to
mean throat by the time gerges reached
England in the 14th century it had been
altered to gorge this to the English
seemed like an appropriate way to
describe a steep and rocky ravine by
metaphorical extension of the words
reference to the throat the French a
leather transformed Gorge into gorgeous
and used it to describe one of the most
fashionable trends of the Middle Ages
also known as a wimple this popular
article of clothing revealed only the
Madame's visage covering her shoulders
head and of course her throat a stylish
and intricate gorgeous was so telling of
class and affluence that the word soon
came to mean fond of dress and elegant
this newly fashioned adjective voyaged
into Middle English as gorg AZ where it
was fully anglicized as gorgeous since
then it's been linked to all things of
exceptionally graceful earlier
you